!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.8	//
Version	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1;"	e
_ab	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\armor blitz.lua	1;"	e
_ab	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1063;"	e
_ab.start	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\armor blitz.lua	3;"	f
abInit	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1062;"	f
battle	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	169;"	f
battleCount	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	186;"	e
battleCount	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	363;"	e
battleCount	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	365;"	e
battleP2	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	198;"	e
battleP2	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	207;"	e
battleP2	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	225;"	e
battleReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	182;"	e
battleReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	185;"	e
battleReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	311;"	e
colord1	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	444;"	e
colord1	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	75;"	e
colord1	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	770;"	e
colord2	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	445;"	e
colord2	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	76;"	e
colord2	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	771;"	e
colord3	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	446;"	e
colord3	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	772;"	e
dBattle	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	749;"	f
dBattleCount	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	758;"	e
dBattleCount	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	767;"	e
dBattleCount	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	769;"	e
dSelectBattle	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	783;"	f
dSelectBattleReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	786;"	e
dSelectBattleReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	798;"	e
dStart	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	840;"	f
dStartReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	843;"	e
dStartReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	856;"	e
dStartReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	874;"	e
dStartReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	886;"	e
dStartTO	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	713;"	f
dStartTOReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	716;"	e
dStartTOReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	723;"	e
dStartTOReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	736;"	e
dStartTOReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	742;"	e
dTF	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1109;"	e
dTF	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	868;"	e
determineRun	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1045;"	f
determineRunReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1046;"	e
determineRunReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1049;"	e
determineRunReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1051;"	e
determineRunReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1055;"	e
determineRunReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1057;"	e
eBattle	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	369;"	f
eBattleCount	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	430;"	e
eBattleCount	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	439;"	e
eBattleCount	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	443;"	e
eDif	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1110;"	e
eStartT	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	478;"	e
eTF	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1112;"	e
errorT	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	104;"	e
errorT	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	92;"	e
eventCheckStart	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	516;"	f
eventStart	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	476;"	f
findUntil	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	86;"	f
firstStart	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1106;"	f
firstTime	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1116;"	e
flag	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1047;"	e
friendsCancel	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	110;"	f
isfront	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1053;"	e
mCheckStart	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	964;"	f
mDif	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1114;"	e
mStart	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	915;"	f
mTF	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1113;"	e
main	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1094;"	f
mainFunction	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1067;"	f
nCheckStart	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	705;"	f
nMet	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1111;"	e
nStart	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	624;"	f
nStartReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	626;"	e
nStartReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	651;"	e
nStartReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	686;"	e
nStartTO	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	544;"	f
nStartTOCount	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	602;"	e
nStartTOCount	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	613;"	e
nTF	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1108;"	e
passE	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	72;"	f
println	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	40;"	f
r1	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	48;"	e
r2	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	51;"	e
randomD	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	788;"	e
randomD	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	814;"	e
secondTime	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1099;"	e
shutdown	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	980;"	f
start()	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\armor blitz.lua	3;"	f
startGame	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	985;"	f
startGameCount	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1039;"	e
startGameCount	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	991;"	e
startGameReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1030;"	e
startGameReturn	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	993;"	e
t	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	1100;"	e
tap	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	45;"	f
timeEnd	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	61;"	e
touchX	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	569;"	e
touchX	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	575;"	e
touchX	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	581;"	e
touchX	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	609;"	e
touchX	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	617;"	e
touchY	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	570;"	e
touchY	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	576;"	e
touchY	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	582;"	e
touchY	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	610;"	e
touchY	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	618;"	e
untilError	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	58;"	f
useSkill	D:/Development/Software Development/xspworkspace/HimegariImperialMeister-AutomationScript/xsp/src\main.lua	118;"	f
